welcome to the final video of this
machine learning class we've been
through a lot of different videos
together in this video I like to just
quickly summarize the main topics of
this class and then say a few words at
the end and that will wrap up the class
so what are we done in this class we
spent a lot of time talking about
supervised learning algorithms like
linear regression logistic Russian
neural networks SVM's for problems where
you have labeled data and labeled
examples X I Y I and we also spent a lot
of time talking about unsupervised
learning algorithms like team is
clustering principal components analysis
for dimensionality reduction and anomaly
detection algorithms for when you have
only unlabeled data or X I
although anomaly detection can also use
some label data to evaluate the
algorithm we also spend some time
talking about special applications or
special topics like recommender systems
and large scale machine learning systems
including paralyzed like MapReduce
systems as well as some special
applications like sliding windows object
classification for computer vision and
finally we also spent a lot of time
talking about different aspects of sort
of advice on building a machine learning
system and this involved both trying to
understand what is it that makes a
machine learning algorithm work or not
works we talked about things like bias
variance and how regularization can help
with some variance problems and we also
spent a lot of time talking about this
question of how to decide what to work
on next or how to tire prioritize how
you spend your time when you're
developing a machine learning system so
we talked about evaluation of learning
algorithms evaluation metrics like you
know precision recall at one school as
well as practical aspects of evaluation
like their training profile addition and
test sets and we also spent a lot of
time talking about debugging learning
algorithms and making sure that you're
learning out
working so we talk about your
Diagnostics like learning hers and also
talked about some things like error
analysis and sealing analyses and so all
of these were different tools for
helping you to decide what to do next or
how to spend your valuable time when
you're developing a machine learning
system and so in addition to having the
tools of machine learning at your
disposal so knowing the tools of machine
learning like supervised learning and
supervised learning and so on I hope
that you now not only have the tools but
that you know how to apply these tools
really well to build powerful machine
learning systems so that's it those are
the topics of this class and if you've
worked all the way through this course
you should now consider yourself an
expert in machine learning as you know
machine learning is the technology is
having huge impact on science technology
industry and you now well qualify to use
these tools of machine learning to Train
effect I hope that many of you in this
class will find ways to use machine
learning to build cool systems and cool
applications and cool products and I
hope that you find ways to use machine
learning not only to make your life
better that maybe someday to use it to
make many other people's lives better as
well I also wanted to let you know that
this class has been great fun for me to
teach so thank you for that and before
wrapping up it was just one last thing I
want to say which is that was maybe not
so long ago that I was still with
students myself and even today you know
I still tried to take different
constants want to have time to try to
learn new things and so I know how
time-consuming it is to learn this stuff
I know that you're probably a busy
person with many men
other things going on in your life and
so the fact that you still found the
time and took the time to watch these
videos and you know I know that many of
these videos these videos just went on
for hours right and the fact that many
of you took the time to go through the
review questions and that many of you
took the time to even were through the
programming exercises and these long and
complicated programming exercises I
wanted to say thank you for that and I
know that many of you have worked hard
on this pause that many of you have put
a lot of time into this class that many
of you have put a lot of yourselves into
this class so I hope that you also got a
lot out of this class and I wanted to
say thank you very much for having been
students in this class
you